README.md, before:

# Equestrian Volunteer Scheduler 🐎

EVS is a web application intended to help equestrian non-profit organizations to
coordinate volunteers in their day-to-day operations. It is in ongoing
development with the support and supervision of
[Opportunity Hack](https://www.ohack.org/home).

## Development

EVS is built on Kent C. Dodd's [Epic Stack](https://www.epicweb.dev/epic-stack)
starter project. Most of the Epic Stack's
[docs](https://github.com/epicweb-dev/epic-stack/tree/main/docs) are applicable
to this application with a few minor deviations.

To run this application locally:

- Clone the git repo
- In the project root, copy `.env.example` to `.env`
- Run `npm i`, and then `npm run setup` to perform initial setup
- Start a dev server using `npm run dev`

## Admin Setup
To do this, it's easiest to use the Prisma UI to give yourself admin
1. `npx prisma studio`
2. Head over to http://localhost:5555/
3. Select the `User` table
4. Look for the `roles[]` column and the row for your user
5. Click the `[0|Role]` button, then select the admin role checkbox
6. Click the Green save button to save changes
7. Profit

Commit message:

Add deployment seed script and some documentation

README.md, after:

# Equestrian Volunteer Scheduler 🐎

EVS is a web application intended to help equestrian non-profit organizations to
coordinate volunteers in their day-to-day operations. It is in ongoing
development with the support and supervision of
[Opportunity Hack](https://www.ohack.org/home).

## Development

EVS is built on Kent C. Dodd's [Epic Stack](https://www.epicweb.dev/epic-stack)
starter project. Most of the Epic Stack's [docs](https://github.com/epicweb-dev/
epic-stack/tree/main/docs) are applicable to this application with a few minor
deviations and discrepencies from changes made to Epic Stack over time.

For instructions on setting up this project in your local development see the
document [./docs/development.md](./docs/development.md) in this repo.

## Deployment

See this document for an overview of the deployment setup used by this project's
stack and how to configure it: <https://github.com/epicweb-dev/epic-stack/blob/main/docs/deployment.md>

For this application to function properly, the deployed database needs to be
seeded with some initial data. See the document [./docs/deployment.md](./docs/deployment)
in this repo for more information and instructions on how to do this.
